[upbeat music]
- All right, everybody,
have a good show.
In four, three, two...
[dramatic music]
You're watching
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown"
with our number one
morning announcements team
and Shelly with the action-cam
lowdown.
It's "Lowdown" time!
[buffalo stampede sound]
- Good morning, Buffaloes.
She's Mae.
- And she's Dawn.
- And we're kicking your day off
with all you need to know
to be an in-the-know Buffalo.
- Hey, Dawn, don't be nervous
if you happen to see
your parents around school.
They're just here
helping clean up
as part of the school's
Parents Pitch In program.
- That's good to know, Mae.
I thought I was gonna be
in a trash heap of trouble.
- [laughs] Good one, Dawn.
- Thanks, Mae.
Oh, Mae, I'm super excited
about the seventh grade dance
next Saturday.
Are tickets still available
at the school store for $5?
- They sure are, Dawn.
Now let's go to Dicky Harper
to get the lowdown
on the Haps in the Halls.
Dicky?
- Nice book bag.
What do you keep in there?
- Dicky?
- Yeah?
- Dicky, you're on.
- Oh.
[whispers] I'll call you.
[clears throat]
So, with the big dance
coming up,
this year's hot trend is
elaborate dance proposals,
or what the kids are calling
"dance-posals."
Oh, as you can see,
one just happened.
Here come the janitors now
to clean up the mess.
Hello, people who look like
sadder versions of my parents.
What's the old people's take
on dance-posals?
- Oh, I think they're sweet.
- Thanks.
I don't get it.
Back in my day,
you just walked up to a girl,
barely looked her in the eye,
and just asked.
- Well, it might've been nicer
if you'd made a little more
of an effort.
- Well, I got the answer
from you I wanted,
without littering.
Back to you, Dicky.
- Thanks.
Oh, you missed a spot.
Now to Nicky
with the Lowdown on Lunch.
- Thanks, Dicky.
Today's menu:
meatloaf with mashed potatoes
and gravy.
Now, this is a heavy dish,
so rather than pairing
with a fuller-bodied whole milk,
I suggest going
with a well-chilled skim.
But, as always,
my recommendation is
pack you own lunch.
Now Avery with the birthdays.
- Happy birthday
to Gerald Fitzpatrick.
[party horn blows]
And Wendy Baxter,
who didn't invite me
to her party.
But whatevs. I heard it was
totally lame and so weird.
Dawn?
- Okay.
Well, now it's time to get
really low down
on everyone's favorite part
of the morning:
[together]
The Shelly-Cam.
[students chattering]
- Thanks, Shelly.
That was an amazing feat.
Well, that's all for today.
This has been "The Edgewood..."
[together]
"Buffa-lowdown"!
[buffalo stampede sound]
- Cut! That's a wrap.
Nice work, people.
- [laughing]
Oh, I just love that Shelly-Cam.
Maybe cut to her twice tomorrow.
- Got it. Cut Nicky.
- I didn't say that.
- You didn't have to.
- Anyway, as your
substitute A/V teacher,
I am very happy
with how your project is going.
Keep it up, and you'll be more
than just the morning team.
You'll be the A-team,
as in your grade in this class
will be an A.
- Yes!
- Sweet!
- My first non-gym-class A!
- And before you go, everyone,
as your A-team leader,
I'd like to make just one teeny
tiny little tweak.
Mae, you're fired!
[together] Fired?
- You're out as co-host,
and Avery is in!
[together] Avery?
- Avery?
Avery.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na,
na, na, na, na, na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
- ♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
♪ ♪
- Ricky, how could you fire Mae?
- You guys should really stop
dwelling on the past.
- It was three minutes ago!
- I'm sure Mae's
already gotten over it.
- Nope.
- Look, Mae. Don't think of it
as being fired.
Think of it as a promotion.
- How is losing my job
a promotion?
- I didn't say
it was a promotion.
I said "think of it
as a promotion."
Listen, you're not
without some talent,
so I'll tell you
what I'm gonna do for you:
birthdays!
You're gonna crush it.
[party horn blows]
- Yes, I am.
- Told you!
- But what about our grade?
Mae is clearly a better co-host
than Avery.
- That's my call, Dawn.
And I make smart decisions.
That's why I'm Team Leader.
- Come on, Ricky.
Mae and I are perfect together.
- How about this, Dawn?
Tomorrow before the show,
we'll have a special rehearsal
for you and Avery,
and you'll see how well
the new pairing works.
Trust me.
It'll be music to your ears.
- The awards ceremony will be
held on the football "filled."
- Um, I think you mean
football field.
- That's what I said:
football filled.
- Field.
- Filled.
- Fie-eld.
- Are you trying to mess
with me?
- Love that witty banter.
You two are so good together.
- How is this better than me?
- It's not. It's a train wreck.
- I'd rather watch
a real train wreck.
- I've seen one.
And this is much worse.
- That's a wrap on rehearsal.
We go live in one minute.
Take your places.
Let's go, people.
Polish her shell.
- Ricky, we need to talk.
- We do. I didn't want
to say this in front of Avery,
but that was terrible.
- Thank you. I knew
you could see how bad she was.
- I was talking about you.
You stunk on ice.
- Me? Didn't you hear her?
- All I heard was a co-host
with charisma.
You could learn from her.
20 seconds. Take your places.
- Fine. Since I stink on ice,
how about you co-host,
and I'll be the producer?
- Ha! Give those back!
- Too late.
We go live in three, two...
[buffalo stampede sounds]
- Welcome to Friday's
"Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
I'm Avery, and this is--
why are you staring at me?
- I'm Rick--[hiccups]
I'm Rick--[hiccups]
I'm--[hiccups]
Go to Dick--[hiccups]--y.
- Weird.
- Just go to Dicky.
- [exhales, inhales]
Nice.
- Dude!
- Oh. Right.
Word in the hall is the water
in this drinking fountain tastes
like belly button sweat.
- Need water!
- But this thirsty little fella
doesn't seem to mind.
♪ ♪
[all laughing]
- Hey, what happened to you?
- Yeah. How did you drink
so much water?
Are you part fish or something?
Are we all part fish?
Okay, I'm getting excited
about this fish thing.
- I thought we were supposed
to be the A-team, Ricky.
- And whatever you did out there
is not going to get us an A.
- I don't know what happened.
I just--
- Are you okay?
Why did you start acting
so weird?
- I--[hiccups]
I--[hiccups]--water!
- Weird.
- That's strange.
Every time Ricky's around Avery,
he gets all...
I--[hiccups]--
I--[hiccups]
- It all makes sense!
Replacing Mae with Avery,
refusing to criticize Avery,
freaking out
whenever Avery's around--
it's so obvious!
- Yeah. Avery's turning him
into a fish!
- No, Dicky.
Ricky has a crush on Avery.
- I don't know. This fish thing
makes more sense.
- ♪ Oh-oh, hey,
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
- So, Ricky, we have a theory
about why you choked up.
- I don't like Avery!
- I also have a theory.
- He is not a fish.
You have a crush on Avery,
don't you, Ricky?
- Uh, no! I'm a fish!
- You fired me for a crush?
- Yeah. We're all going to get
a terrible grade because of her.
- You need to put Avery
back on birthdays.
- Why? She's perfect as co-host.
She's so sweet and kind
and wonderful,
and her voice is
like an angel's song.
- An angel's song?
Oh, this boy is crushin' hard.
- I don't get it. What was your
plan after you gave her the job?
- I don't know.
I'd be the producer.
She'd be the co-host.
We'd get an A.
And then we'd get married.
- Married?
You can't even talk to her.
- I could before Dawn took
my headset and clipboard.
- Hey.
- [hiccups]
I need my headset and clipboard!
- Look.
We all want a good grade,
but we're not just the A-team.
We're also Team Harper.
And I think I know a way
we can both get our A,
as in our grade
and Avery.
- Thanks. So, which one of you
wants to be Avery's co-host?
- I think I speak for both of us
when I say "nuh-uh."
- We just have to get you
comfortable talking to Avery.
And I think I know how.
- Welcome to
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
I'm Ricky.
- [as Avery] Hi, Ricky.
It's me, Avery.
- This isn't helping.
You sound nothing like her.
- Please.
[as Avery] That was totes Avery.
- Let me try.
[As Avery]
Something's fishy, Ricky,
and I think it's you.
- No. Avery's more like...
[in high-pitched voice]
Hi. I'm Avery.
- You sound like Mom.
- No, I don't.
Mom's more like...
[in high-pitched voice]
Hi. I'm Mom.
- No, she's not.
Mom is like--
- It doesn't matter what Mom
sounds like!
I like Avery! I don't like Mom!
- What did I just hear?
- Nothing! Love you!
This isn't helping.
None of you sound like Avery.
- How about me?
- Why are you staring at me?
- [hiccups]
- Okay,
now we're onto something.
Let's go from the top.
- Why are you staring at me?
- Welcome to--
- [hiccups]
Welcome to "The Edge--"
- Why are you staring at me?
- [hiccups]
- [as Avery]
You can do this, Ricky!
- Focus!
- Conquer your fear!
- Quiet, Mom! Welcome to
"The Edgewood Buffa--"
- Why are you staring at me?
- I'm staring at you
because I have a crush on you!
Welcome to
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
Marry me.
- Okay.
At least you can talk to her,
but you might want
to pace yourself.
- Yeah.
[upbeat music]
- You're ready.
- I'm going in.
- And remember:
try not to propose.
- Hey, Ricky.
- Hey, Avery.
I didn't--[hiccups]--
it worked!
- You did great.
[gasps]
Look who's waving at you.
- Oh, this is great.
What's my next move?
- Next move?
We go on the show. We get an A.
Everybody happy.
- No! With Avery.
How do I take this
to the next level?
[dramatic music]
- Hey, girl.
You'll always be my co-host,
so would you like to...
go to the dance with me?
- I knew you were
going to do this, so...
yes!
- Aww!
- I know.
Now I have to clean this up,
too.
- That's how you take it
to the next level:
a dance-posal.
And you should do it
on the show!
- Really?
That seems like a big move.
- Avery will love it.
- Tarian will love it.
- Trust the team.
- Well, you've been right
so far.
Uh-oh. She's walking over here.
- Where's the bathroom?
- We have two. I'd go to the one
on the second floor.
That's the one
with the good paper towels.
- Thanks.
- I am on fire!
[leaf blower whirring]
- Oh! Whoa!
♪ ♪
- Black background.
Brown background.
- Hey, Ricky.
How's it going?
- Great. I got the last
onion bagel this morning,
and Mom pressed my favorite
slacks!
- So, you ready
for your epic dance-posal?
- Yep. I typed it
into the teleprompter,
just in case I forget the words
or get nervous.
- There's absolutely no reason
to get nervous.
- I don't want
to make you guys nervous,
but Principal Tarian
just told me
if we have another show
like Friday's,
we can forget
about being his A-team.
- That makes me nervous.
- Don't worry. We got this.
Now, to ensure our A,
you go warm up some more.
- Box of biscuits.
- And to ensure his Avery,
I'm gonna go lay down
some dance-posal groundwork.
Hey, Avery.
I was wondering:
are you planning on going to the
dance with anyone special?
- Why?
- No reason.
So, anybody?
- I don't know.
- It sounds like you know.
- Well, there's this guy
I kind of hope asks me.
- And he is?
- Your brother.
- Got three of 'em.
- He's on "The Buffa-Lowdown."
- We all are.
- His name rhymes with "icky."
- Keep going.
- Like Ricky.
- Yes!
- It's Nicky.
- [stammering] Nicky?
Uh, are you sure you didn't mean
to say Ricky?
- Ricky?
He's sweet,
but he smells like onion bagels,
and his pants are pressed.
- But what about the smile you
gave him yesterday in the cafe?
I mean, we all saw it.
- I was smiling at Nicky,
behind Ricky.
He was being supes cute.
- This is supes not good.
[upbeat music]
- Guys, we have a big problem.
I just found out that Avery
isn't into Ricky.
She's into Nicky.
- She likes me?
I'm flattered,
but I just don't see an "us."
- Not the point.
We need to tell Ricky
before he embarrasses himself
and gets rejected
in front of the entire school.
- Whoa! What are you guys doing?
We go live in 20 seconds.
Get in your positions.
- Oh, we just needed
to tell Ricky something.
- Is it,
"You got a bad grade
"because you didn't listen
to Principal Tarian
and ruined the morning
announcements"?
- No.
- I didn't think so.
Now take your places.
- We're just gonna need
to figure out a way
to get through to him on air.
[exciting music plays]
- We're live in three, two...
♪ ♪
- Good morning.
Welcome to
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
She's Avery.
- And I'm Avery.
- You know, Avery,
I have a feeling
today's show is going to be
the most memorable in history.
And now it's time
for today's Buffa-birthdays.
Mae?
- Thanks, Ricky. Big Buffalo
birthday wishes to...
Siena Meyer and Curtis Nelson.
Now back to Rick--
Listen to these, Ricky:
A big happy birthday
to Hugh Shuden-Tasker.
Hear that?
Hugh Shuden-Tasker.
And lastly,
Ixnay Ontha Antsday.
Ricky?
- Uh, well,
I don't know you, Ixnay,
but I'd like to wish you and all
the international students
a special Edgewood welcome
to America.
- Now let's get
the Haps in the Halls.
Dicky?
- Thanks, Avery.
Dance-posals are bigger
than ever.
Wait.
Dance-posals are over.
Nobody's doing them anymore,
so if you're thinking
about doing one,
forget it!
- Uh, what do you think, Avery?
Are dance-posals still cool?
- I guess.
- You hear that, people?
She guesses.
- Ugh!
- He's just not getting it.
- Then it's time to get him
out of here.
Cut to the Shelly-Cam.
- Does Shelly love Daddy?
Daddy loves Shelly.
Why's that little red light on?
Hey, guys,
why is this red light on?
- Can I have a word with you?
- Yeah, sure. Excuse me--
Wait!
I had a question for Avery!
What did you want to tell me?
- Nicky, I need you to fill in
for Ricky.
- What? I can't go up there
with Avery.
She likes me.
It's a very awkward situation.
- Just read the teleprompter
and wrap it up
so he can't do his dance-posal.
Back to camera one!
- And that's
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
Uh, just one thing before we go.
Avery, would you like to go
to the dance with me?
[gasps]
[both gasp]
- [gasps]
- Why did I read that thing?
- Wrap it up!
- Uh, cue balloons and band.
Why do I keep reading
that thing?
[band playing]
♪ ♪
- Stop!
That's my music and balloons!
- What's happening?
Ooh, balloons.
- Scared of balloons!
I'm out.
- Don't worry. I got this.
[band plays heroic music]
- Stop!
You! You betrayed me.
How could you?
[band plays tense music]
- I was just reading
the teleprompter
like Dawn told me to.
- You! You betrayed me.
How could you?
[band plays tense music]
- What are you talking about?
- Yeah. What are you
talking about?
- I was going to ask you
to the dance,
but Dawn set me up.
This was all an elaborate plan
to embarrass me.
- Uh, no, it wasn't. We were all
just trying to help you.
- Yeah, that's true.
- She's right.
- Oh, please. You were trying
to get back at me
for replacing Mae with Avery
to get Avery to like me.
- Wait. I thought I got the
co-host spot on my own "mert."
- Did--did you say "merit"?
- Yeah. Mert.
- Oh, my gosh. I hear it now.
- Come on, Nicky.
Let's get out of here.
- Uh, actually, Avery,
I was thinking of asking
someone else to the dance.
[band plays tense music]
Natlee, would you like to go
to the dance with me?
[drum roll]
- Actually,
I wanted Dooley to ask me.
[band plays tense music]
- Me?
Okay. Uh...[clears throat]
Natlee,
will you go to the dance
with me?
[drum roll]
- Yes.
[band plays happy tune]
♪ ♪
- Stop that!
What is going on here?
We're still on the air!
And Dawn and Ricky,
you have completely lost control
of your show.
This isn't the A-team.
You're the D-team.
D for "disappointing,"
not your grade.
You'll probably get a B-minus.
- We haven't lost control.
This was all part of an
intricately planned dance-posal
to give people an in-depth look
at the phenomenon.
- Uh, yeah, we totally knew
what we were doing.
- Yeah.
Congrats, Natlee and Dooley.
- You crazy kids.
- Wow. Now, that's A-plus work.
And I am talking
about their grade.
[all cheering]
- As promised, this has been
a very memorable episode of
"The Edgewood Buffa-Lowdown."
[buffalo stampede sounds]
Cut! That's a wrap. Whoo!
- Man, that was quick thinking,
Ricky.
- It's the least I could do
after what you all did for me.
I was selfish,
but now I realize
you have to look
after your team,
because they're the most
important thing you've got.
- Hey, Ricky,
thanks for saving our A.
Would you like to go
to the dance with "may"?
- Uh, I think Mae's
already going with Miles.
- No. I meant with "may,"
not Mae.
"May."
- Yes. I'd love to.
Okay, seriously,
how did I not hear that before?
- [as Avery]
They're just supes cute.
- [as Avery] I know!
[band plays upbeat music]
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪